# Geolocation Application

Both for visitors and for new workers or students of the Universidad del Norte, it is difficult to find a specific place of the institution when they are newly linked to it, either when going to a classroom, a laboratory or an office. This is due to the relatively large campus of the university, which is also constantly growing. Therefore, it is necessary to develop a tool capable of locating a specific place within the campus of the university and to determine a path that allows its user to move to that point. The proposed solution consists of a mobile application that shows the map of the Universidad del Norte, allows the user to find points of interest (either by categories or by keywords) and visualize both the exterior and the interior of the buildings. The application also has the capability to connect to a remote navigation module that allows the user to view a route from their location or another point to a chosen destination. Likewise, the user can observe an approximation of the time and distance to travel as well as indications to follow the route. The geographic information of OpenStreetMap was used as a base and was edited locally to generate the files that contain the inside of the buildings and the general graphic component of the map. Each module of the system was implemented successfully and it is important to emphasize that the necessary files for the visualization of the map are stored locally as static files of the application. Therefore, its basic use does not require an Internet connection, providing fluency in the user experience. This also implies that there is no dependency on the use conditions of a third-party server with geographic information.
